- EMMANUELLE STILL
HASN'T CALLED ME BACK,
AND MY NIGHTMARES
ARE GE'I'I'ING WORSE.
I'M SO TIRED.
MY SYSTEMS ARE REJECTING SLEEP
LIKE IT'S A FOREIGN ANTIBODY.
LIKE REM IS TOXIC.
- WELL, LET'S BE HONEST, GUS.
THEIR LAST FOUR ALBUMS
HAVEN'T LEFI' MUCH TO BE DESIRED.
IT'S BEEN
A TOUGH MILLENNIUM, REALLY.
BUT MOST PEOPLE
WOULDN'T GIVE 'EM UP
OR NEW ADVENTURES IN HI-FI
EITHER.
- I CAN'T DO BITS NOW, SHAWN.
I'M NUMB WITH GRIEF.
WHY WON'T EMMANUELLE
CALL ME BACK?
- SURE WAS NICE OF YOUR MOM
TO LOAN US HER CAR TONIGHT.
I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS IS AN '85.
[taps dashboard]
SO STYLISH!
STEERING IS HORRIBLE,
BUT WHAT ARE THERE,
ONE, TWO, SIX ASHTRAYS?
- STOP TRYING TO DISTRACT ME
FROM MY ANGUISH, SHAWN.
THE NIGHTMARES ARE SO VIVID.
I'M SLOWLY DISINTEGRATING,
LIKE A COOKIE
UNDER RUNNING WATER.
- I'M OFFICIALLY NOT CONVINCED
THAT THIS DREAM THERAPY IS DOING
ANYTHING FOR YOU, MAN.
- WHY DO NONE
OF MY RELATIONSHIPS WORK OUT?
I'M GONNA DIE ALONE.
- OH, BUDDY.
- I DON'T UNDERSTAND IT.
EMMANUELLE AND I
HAD SUCH GREAT CHEMISTRY.
- IT WASN'T GREAT CHEMISTRY.
- THE CHEMISTRY WAS GREAT.
- IT WAS HIT OR MISS
CHEMISTRY-WISE.
BUT SHE WAS TALL.
LIKE WILT CHAMBERLAIN
IN CONAN THE DESTROYER.
- I THOUGHT SHE WAS THE ONE.
I WAS GONNA MAKE HER MY BRIDE.
- OH, MAN, THAT'S RIGHT!
THE ZOMBIE FUN RUN WAS TODAY.
WE'RE DOING THAT NEXT YEAR, MAN,
YOU AND ME.
- LET'S NOT AND SAY WE DIDN'T.
- COME ON, GUS.
I THINK I'D MAKE
A DEAD SEXY ZOMBIE.
OKAY.
I'M GONNA COME BACK WITH SNACKS,
AND I'M GONNA HAVE
THIS CASE SOLVED.
DO YOU WANNA KNOW WHY?
'CAUSE WORK NEVER STOPS,
AND WE'RE ON THE CLOCK.
NOW GIVE ME YOUR WALLET.
[door opens]
- [sighs]
NO REST FOR THE WICKED.
[tense music]
[scoffs]
WHITE PEOPLE.
[tense music]
- [grunting]
*
- [sighs]
['805 pop music]
*
CURT SMITH?
- GUSTER, WHAT A SURPRISE!
YOU CAUGHT ME LISTENING
TO MY OWN MUSIC.
HOW U'ITERLY ROB THOMAS OF ME.
- WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
- HAD A HANKERING
FOR A MICROWAVABLE BUNUELO.
YOU KNOW
THEY'RE SO FUN TO EAT
AND SO FUN TO SAY.
[all grunting]
YOU OKAY, GUS?
YOU LOOK ABSOLUTELY KNACKERED.
- GIRLFRIEND TROUBLES, CURT.
HAVING NIGHTMARES.
I CAN'T SLEEP.
IT'S REALLY, REALLY BAD.
[tense music]
- [growls]
*
- I WENT THROUGH THAT
WITH ROLAND, YOU KNOW.
IT GETS BETTER.
- REALLY?
- I'M LYING.
IT DOESN'T GET BETTER.
[zombies growling]
- WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE
ON YOUR OWN, GUS?
WHERE'S SHAWN?
DON'T TELL ME HE DESERTED YOU
IN YOUR HOUR OF NEED.
- NO, NO, NO.
HE'S RIGHT INSIDE--
- UH-OH.
[laughing nervously]
ZOMBIE ATTACK.
VERY FUNNY, GUYS, VERY F--
GUSTER.
HELP ME.
HELP ME, GUSTER.
OW. OW!
YOU NICKED ME!
[screams]
- CURT?
WHAT'S GOING ON, CURT?
GET UP OFF OF CURT SMITH.
GET OFF OF HIM!
- [growls]
- OH.
OH, NO.
[stammers] I WAS JUST PLAYING.
[whimpering]
[screaming]
- [growling]
- [screaming]
- [bangs window]
- [screams]
SHAWN! OH, GOD!
[all growling]
- NO! NO!
SHAWN!
NO, NO! GET AWAY.
[sobbing]
[zombies growling]
- SHOUT!
- [screaming]
- LET YOUR BRAINS OUT!
- [screams]
SHAWN!
WHAT HAPPENED TO ME?
WHERE AM I?
HAVE I CROSSED OVER?
- EASY, BURTON.
YOU'RE AWAKE.
YOU'RE SAFE NOW.
YOU'RE WITH ME.
ARE YOU LISTENING?
DREAM TIME IS OVER.
- OKAY.
- YOU'RE AWAKE, YOU UNDERSTAND?
YOU'RE AWAKE.
DID THAT HURT?
- YEAH.
- GOOD.
BECAUSE THAT MEANS YOU'RE BACK
WITH DR. SIMPSON.
AND THAT'S A GOOD PLACE
TO BE.
DRINK.
IT'S MILK.
IT'S REFRESHING.
BOY, THAT WAS SOME DREAM,
BURTON.
I GOT SOME FANTASTIC AUDIO.
YOU WERE MAGNIFICENT.
' [gulping]
- FEEL BETTER NOW?
- MM-HMM.
- CALM?
RELAXED?
- YEAH.
- THAT'S JUST PART
OF THE PROCESS.
NOW LIE BACK
AND RELEASE YOUR CORE.
- OKAY.
[panﬁng]
OKAY.
- THAT'S IT.
GOOD.
NOW TELL ME
ALL ABOUT YOUR NIGHTMARES.
[The Friendly Indians'
I Know You Know]
- * I KNOW YOU KNOW
* THAT I'M NOT TELLING
THE TRUTH *
* I KNOW YOU KNOW
* THEY JUST DON'T HAVE
ANY PROOF *
* EMBRACE THE DECEPTION
* LEARN HOW TO BEND
* YOUR WORST INHIBITIONS
* TEND TO PSYCH YOU OUT
IN THE END *
- [screaming]
- WOW.
THAT IS SOME VIVID STUFF.
- IT FELT SO REAL,
DR. SIMPSON.
MORE REAL THAN REAL.
MAY I HAVE SOME MORE MILK?
- LATER.
WHAT DOES THIS DREAM
REPRESENT TO YOU?
- IT'S EMMANUELLE, OBVIOUSLY.
I SAW A REAL FUTURE FOR US.
EVERYBODY DID.
- WELL, THE FEAR OF ABANDONMENT
IS CERTAINLY THE BEATING HEART
OF YOUR ANXIETY, BLACKSTONE.
- BLACKSTON E?
- BUT YOUR NIGHTMARE
IS ABOUT SHAWN.
- [scoffs]
SHAWN?
- THINK OF WHAT HAPPENS.
SHAWN LEAVES THE CAR,
EVERYBODY DIES.
YOU NEED SHAWN TO FEEL WHOLE.
- THAT'S DEFINITELY NOT IT.
I MEAN, THAT'S CRAZY TALK.
AND NO OFFENSE, BUT YOU SOUND
LIKE AN INSANE PERSON.
- [singsong]
HA-HA, I'VE HIT A NERVE.
[chuckles]
YOU KNOW WHY?
IT'S BECAUSE IN DREAMS,
PEOPLE DON'T LIE.
THAT'S MY BUSINESS.
IT'S ALL IN MY NEW BOOK.
IN DREAMS I WALK WITH YOU.
LET'S READ AN EXCERPT.
"AS A CHILD, MY SMALL FRAME
WOULD BUCKLE AT THE GIRTH
OF MY OUTSIZED INTELLECT.‘l
- LOOK, SHAWN AND I
ARE FRIENDLY,
BUT IT'S EMMANUELLE
THAT IS THE CAUSE
OF MY NIGHTMARES, OKAY?
AND FOR THE RECORD,
I DO NOT NEED SHAWN.
- SURE, YOU DON'T.
[timer dings]
OH, LOOK AT THE TIME.
NOW...
LEAVE THIS PLACE.
[banging on door]
[tense music]
*
- HELLO, FRIEND.
- HELLO, SHAWN.
- SO WHAT'S
DREAM THERAPY LIKE, MAN?
IS IT CRAZY?
TELL ME ALL ABOUT IT.
- DR. SIMPSON SAYS
MY NIGHTMARES ARE
ALL ABOUT EMMANUELLE.
NO OTHER THEORY WAS OFFERED.
- EMMANUELLE, HUH?
OH, WELL, IF YOU NEED ME TO--
- NEED YOU? NEED YOU?
WHAT MAKES YOU THINK
I WILL NEED YOU, SHAWN?
- I WAS JUST GONNA SAY,
IF YOU NEED ME TO DRIVE YOU
TO THERAPY TONIGHT, I COULD
PROBABLY SCORE MY DAD'S TRUCK.
- OH. THANK YOU.
I WILL TAKE IT
UNDER ADVISEMENT.
I'LL PROBABLY CAB IT.
YOU KNOW, I ENJOY CABS.
SO I DOUBT
I'LL BE NEEDING YOU, SHAWN.
SHAWN, WHERE DID YOU GO?
SHAWN?
- DUDE, I--
I WAS GONNA PEE.
I WAS--
I WAS JUST HOPING TO PEE.
- HI.
I DON'T HAVE AN APPOINTMENT
OR ANYTHING.
I KNOW,
I SHOULD HAVE CALLED.
I'LL COME BACK LATER.
NO APPOINTMENTS NECESSARY HERE,
MY FRIEND.
PLEASE, JOIN US.
- GREAT, I DON'T KNOW
IF THIS IS THE KIND OF "CASE"
OR WHATEVER
YOU GUYS HANDLE,
BUT I THINK MY WIFE
IS HAVING AN AFFAIR
WITH SOMEONE
AT HER PLACE OF WORK.
- COLOR US INTRIGUED.
- GREAT.
NOW I'M A LITTLE STRAPPED
FOR CASH, BUT IF YOU DO LAYAWAY,
I COULD START PAYING YOU
AROUND THE NEW YEAR.
UH, SAINT PATRICK'S DAY.
- THIS IS A PLACE OF BUSINESS,
AFTER ALL.
- NOT SO FAST.
NOW, I DEFINITELY UNDERSTAND
THE GRIEF OF LOST LOVE.
PLEASE, HAVE A SEAT.
NOW, DID YOU ASK YOUR WIFE
WHETHER SHE WAS GETTING
HER LAWN MOWED ON THE SIDE?
- WELL, WHAT'S SHE GONNA SAY?
"OOH, YEAH, I AM.
"AND HE RIDES THE MOWER
SO MUCH SMOOTHER THAN YOU,
'CAUSE HE DOESN'T NEED
CARPAL TUNNEL SURGERY"?
- WHAT?
- AND WHAT IF CONFRONTING HER
PUSHES HER AWAY FOR GOOD?
GRETCHEN--
SHE'S MY WHOLE WORLD.
SHE'S EFFING OUT OF SIGHT, MAN!
- I FEEL YOU, I FEEL YOU, ZACH.
- UH, EIKLEBERRY.
- EXCUSE YOU.
- UH, I GOT
A CABLE INSTALLATION.
MY CLIENT WAS GIVEN A WINDOW
FROM 7:00 TO 4:00.
IT'S 5:15.
RIDE WITH ME, AND I'LL
FILL YOU IN ON EVERYTHING.
- DEFINITELY.
- NOT A CHANCE.
- I MET GRETCHEN
FRESHMAN YEAR OF COLLEGE.
- OH, WOW.
SHE LOOKS A LOT YOUNGER
THAN YOU, ZACH.
- OH, I WASN'T A STUDENT.
I WAS WORKING CAMPUS SECURITY.
GRETCHEN--
SHE DOESN'T JUDGE.
- MM, BECAUSE TRUE LOVE
KNOWS NO BOUNDS.
- TIMES ARE TOUGH, YOU KNOW.
I'M WORKING TWO JOBS.
WE NEVER SEE EACH OTHER.
- WHAT'S YOUR OTHER JOB?
- I WORK NIGHTS
AT A BOWLING ALLEY.
- REAL JACK OF ALL TRADES.
- LIFE'S A BUFFET.
- MM.
- IF SHE HASN'T CHEATED ON YOU
AFTER ALL THESE YEARS,
WHY WOULD SHE START NOW?
- JUST--
I FEEL HER PULLING AWAY.
I DON'T WANNA LOSE HER.
I CAN'T LET THAT HAPPEN.
I WON'T.
FRIGGIN' HERE.
[tires screech]
- [grunts]
- WE LIVE.
- UM...
HEY, MAN, WE'RE GONNA STAY
IN HERE.
- MOST DEFINITELY.
- CAN'T EVEN CARRY
MY OWN TOOLBOX
'CAUSE OF MY SCIATICA.
I'D CHEAT ON ME TOO
IF ANYONE WOULD HAVE ME.
[toolbox clunks]
OW, OW.
- SOMEONE IN THAT HOUSE
WANTS CABLE?
WHERE YOU GOING?
- I'M GOING TO PEE, GUS.
I DIDN'T GET TO PEE
IN THE OFFICE
BECAUSE YOU SPAZZED OUT.
- YOU'RE GONNA JUST PEE OUTSIDE?
- WE'RE MEN, GUS.
THE WORLD IS OUR TOILET.
- COME ON,
STAY IN THE GAME, PLAYA.
MAYBE SOME MUSIC.
[radio static,
indistinct chatter]
- [spooky voice]
BURTON.
[lock clicks]
- SHAWN, IS THAT YOU?
- BURTON.
I NEED A RIDE, BURTON.
- SHAWN!
OH. OH, GOSH.
I NEED SOME SLEEP.
OH.
- WON'T YOU GIVE ME A RIDE?
- [screaming]
[panﬁng]
WHAT THE--
WHAT?
ZACH?
[TV static]
- WE DON'T HAVE MUCH TIME.
- I'M SO SWEATY.
I JUST RAN A BUNCH OF FATTIES
ACROSS THE FOOTBALL FIELD.
- I WANT YOU NOW.
- OF COURSE YOU DO. I'M ME.
- I'M GONNA MURDER YOU.
- THAT'S SO HOT.
- NOT ON THE LIPS.
[sighs]
- THIS SHOW IS HORRIBLE.
[eerie laughter]
- THEY'RE ALL GONNA LAUGH
AT YOU.
[eerie laughter]
[party horn toots]
_ ZACH?
[whimpers]
[fly buzzing]
[tense music]
*
[whimpering]
WHO LIVES LIKE THIS?
- [grunting]
- [gaSPS]
- [growling]
- [screaming]
SHAWN!
[whimpering]
- SHAWN DITCHED YOU AGAIN,
DIDN'T HE?
- HE SAID HE HAD TO PEE.
- YES, BUT DO YOU BELIEVE
THE WORLD IS A MAN'S TOILET?
- NO.
NO, I DO NOT.
- WELL, THE PICTURE'S BECOMING
MUCH CLEARER NOW.
MY PREVIOUS DIAGNOSIS
MAY HAVE BEEN PREMATURE,
SLAPPY.
- SLAPPY?
- YOU SEE,
YOU'RE NOT WORRIED
THAT SHAWN...
IS GONNA LEAVE YOU.
YOU'RE AFRAID
THAT WORKING WITH SHAWN
IS GONNA GET YOU KILLED.
- WHAT?
- IT'S ALL
IN MY LATEST BOOK.
IN DREAMS I WALK WITH YOU.
IT'S GOT A FOREWORD
BY SANJAYA MALAKAR.
HE'S AN OLD FRIEND.
I'M SURE THAT
YOU'LL FIND THIS ENLIGHTENING.
"WHEN ONE IS IN
A PERPETUAL STATE OF PANIC--"
- PERPETUAL?
- THAT MEANS "NEVER-ENDING."
- I KNOW WHAT IT MEANS.
I WAS EXPRESSING INDIGNATION.
- SHH.
"ALL THE BODY'S RESOURCES
ARE RECRUITED,
"LEAVING PRECIOUS LITTLE ENERGY
FOR OTHER THINGS.
"HOPES, GOALS,
EVEN OUR RELATIONSHIPS
WITHER AND DIE."
- WHAT DOES THIS HAVE TO DO
WITH ME?
- [sniffs]
[beep]
- [whines]
SHAWN, I'M IMPERILED
BY OUR WORK,
AND MY LOVE LIFE
IS WITHERING.
[beep]
- ANY MORE QUESTIONS?
- NO.
- I THINK YOU KNOW
THE WAY OUT.
- HI, EMMANUELLE.
THIS IS BURTON GUSTER.
WE KNOW EACH OTHER,
BIBLICALLY.
YOU KNOW WHAT, LET ME
JUST LEAVE MY NUMBER AGAIN
JUST IN--
- STOP IT.
DUDE, THE BALL IS CLEARLY
IN HER COURT
AND HAS BEEN FOR A WHILE.
YOU SENT HER
FIVE DOZEN ROSES
AND A CAKE
WITH NELSON ROCKEFELLER ON IT.
- SHAWN, DR. SIMPSON SAYS
THAT SHE IS THE KEY
TO MY MENTAL HEALTH.
- YOU KNOW WHAT, I'M DONE, I
DON'T WANT TO HEAR THIS ANYMORE.
WHAT IS HE A DOCTOR OF,
EXACTLY, ANYWAY?
I'M COMING WITH YOU
TO YOUR NEXT THERAPY SESSION.
- NO. NO, NO, NO, SHAWN.
- HIYA, PSYCH-OS.
HOW YA DOING?
SO I'M CROCHETING A HAT
FOR MY NEPHEW.
HIS NAME IS ROBYN,
WITH A "Y."
HE HAS A LARGE HEAD,
SO I'M MAKING IT
BOTH TO WARM AND CONCEAL IT.
- I-I GOT NOTHING.
- HAPPY EARTH DAY?
- LASSIE.
- NO, SORRY, CAN'T STOP.
MARLOWE'S EXPECTING ME
SOMEPLACE VERY IMPORTANT,
SO I CANNOT HAVE
THIS CONVERSATION WITH YOU.
- I JUST WANTED TO PUT IT
OUT THERE
THAT WE ARE AVAILABLE FOR WORK
AT OUR USUAL RATE,
PLUS A NEW,
ADDITIONAL HIGHER RATE.
THIS IS OUR OPENING OFFER.
- ACTUALLY, THINGS HAVE BEEN
UNCHARACTERISTICALLY QUIET
SINCE I'VE BECOME CHIEF.
NOW THAT BRANNIGAN'S
SADDLED UP,
YOU CAN HEAR
A CRICKET FART IN CHINA.
- THAT'S COOL,
'CAUSE WE KINDA HAVE
OUR OWN THING
GOING ON ANYWAY.
OUR NEW CLIENT'S
SORT OF A BIG DEAL
IN THE TV INDUSTRY.
EIKLEBERRY.
PERHAPS YOU'VE HEARD OF HIM.
- YEAH, RIGHT NOW,
WHEN YOU JUST SAID HIS NAME.
- YEAH, IT'S DOMESTIC.
YOU KNOW HOW THOSE THINGS GO.
- SOMEBODY'S ABOUT TO DIE.
THEY ALWAYS DO.
- WATCH THIS.
- WHAT THE--
- AND A VERY HAPPY EARTH DAY
TO YOU TOO.
- I DO NOT LIKE THIS, SHAWN.
I OBJECT TO THIS CHARADE.
- GUS, YOU KNOW IT'S
THE ONLY WAY WE CAN TALK TO HER
IN HER NATURAL HABITAT
WITHOUT IT BEING CREEPY.
WE'LL GET WHAT WE NEED
AND LEAVE.
YOU DON'T EVEN HAVE TO SPEAK.
- BELIEVE ME, I WON'T.
children:
EIGHT, NINE, TEN.
- MRS. EIKLEBERRY.
HI, WE SPOKE ON THE PHONE.
- OH, YOU MUST BE THE SPENCERS.
- WE ARE, INDEED.
I'M SHAWN SPENCER,
AND THIS IS MY LIFE PARTNER
BURTON GUSTER BLACK SPENCER.
I SEE YOU'RE WORKING
OUT OF DOORS.
- YES, IT'S SUCH
A PRETTY DAY,
AND I LOVE WATCHING MY KIDS
UNFETTERED AND FREE.
- ALL RIGHT,
LET'S PLAY SOME DODGEBALL!
- OH!
- LOOK ALIVE, BUDUSKI!
BOOM!
- LIKE I SAID ON THE PHONE,
WE'VE BEEN SHOPPING FOR SCHOOLS
FOR OUR SON JOSHIE.
WE UNDERSTAND
THAT YOU TEACH THE ENGLISH.
HE'S SHOWN A REAL TALENT
IN THAT ARENA.
ISN'T THAT RIGHT, BABY GIRL?
- IT'S SO VITAL TO ENCOURAGE
A CHILD'S ABILITIES
AND TO KEEP THEM LICE-FREE.
- AGREE TO AGREE.
- YOU KNOW, SOMETIMES I'LL TUTOR
FUNCTIONALLY ILLITERATE ADULTS.
IT'S SO SAD.
THEY HAVE TO DEVELOP
LITTLE TRICKS
TO HIDE THEIR DISABILITY
JUST BECAUSE THEY DIDN'T LEARN
BASIC READING SKILLS
WHEN THEY WERE YOUNG.
- HEY, GRETCH,
CHECK THE LATS!
I CAN DO, LIKE, 16 OF THESE!
- MRS. EIKLEBERRY.
- YES, I'M LISTENING.
AND I'M IMPRESSED.
[whistle blows]
OH, WE SHOULD GET
BACK TO CLASS.
MAYBE WE'LL SEE JOSHIE
NEXT YEAR.
- OH, WE'RE STILL SHOPPING.
[tense music]
- THAT'S JUST TERRIFYING.
- YOU'RE A FRIEND
OF EIKLEBERRY'S?
- OH.
- SHE'S ONE FINE PIECE
OF KNISH, HUH?
- [chuckles]
YOU MUST BE, UH...
- BAGG. COACH DEREK BAGG.
ONE "K," TWO "G"s.
YOU CAN CALL ME COACH BAGG.
OR JUST COACH.
OR COACH BAGG.
- ALL RIGHT, WELL,
DO YOU THINK
WE COULD SPEAK TO YOU
FOR A MINUTE?
- IT'S ABOUT OUR SON JOSHIE.
- I HAVE
A PARENT-TEACHER THING NOW.
HOW ABOUT WE MEET
IN MY OFFICE IN AN HOUR?
LOWER LEVEL, NEAR THE GYM.
- MM.
- JUST FOLLOW
THE SCENT OF MAN.
[tense music]
- MM-MM.
MM-MM.
[mop squishing]
*
- HMM.
- MM-MM, MM-MM.
MM-MM.
- GYM TEACHERS.
- [chuckles, grunts]
[knock on door]
HI.
- SORRY TO KEEP YOU WAITING,
LADIES.
- WHO WAS THAT GIANT SLICE
OF SHEPHERD'S PIE?
- OH, SOME MEATHEAD DAD
GROUSING
ABOUT HIS KID'S SCORE ON
THE PRESIDENTIAL FITNESS TEST.
LIKE IT'S MY FAULT
FATTY'S GOT NO HOPS.
- YOU PLAYED COLLEGE BALL?
- OOH.
- YEAH.
THE MAJORS SCOUTED ME.
I HAD MY PICK.
- OH.
- AND THEN ATV HAD TO GO
AND FLIP.
RUPTURED MY SPLEEN,
CRUSHED MY L-4 AND 5.
DOC SAID IF I WASN'T SO DRUNK,
I'D'VE PROBABLY BEEN PARALYZED.
- WOW.
- NO COMPLAINTS THOUGH.
[laughs]
FOR A DUDE
WHO'S NOT SPLITTING ATOMS,
I THINK I DID OKAY.
- WELL...
- GOT THIS SWEET GIG.
GOOD HOURS, SUMMERS OFF.
57 MINUTES TO SIN CITY,
GATE TO GATE.
I AM BAKING MY CAKE
AND THEN FROSTING IT
AND THEN EATING IT.
WHALE TIME.
[chuckles]
- HURT YOUR HAND?
- OLD LACROSSE INJURY.
WHAT DO YOU WANT, BUDUSKI?
- THEY SENT ME
FROM THE OFFICE, COACH BAGG.
YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO READ THIS
AND APPROVE IT.
ALSO, I THINK ONE OF THOSE
DODGEBALLS GLANCED MY SCROTUM.
- STOP WHINING!
YOUR SACK'S FINE.
I'LL READ IT LATER.
- I DON'T KNOW, COACH.
- WHAT'D I JUST SAY, WEANUS?
GET OUT OF HERE,
AND GIVE ME 50!
SEE, LOOK AT THAT EGGHEAD.
HE HAS NO CHANCE
TO MAKE THE PROS.
GOT NO STROKE
FROM THE OUTSIDE.
NOT LIKE I DID.
RAIN DANCE!
- IT'S SO SAD.
- CASH DOLARES.
- 30, 31...
[door shuts]
- CABLE GUY WAS RIGHT.
HIS WIFE'S GETTING COZY
WITH MR. WOODCOCK IN THERE.
SHE LEAVES HIM
LITTLE BOOTY-CALL MEMOS.
- [yawns]
POOR MR. CABLE GUY.
- UH-HUH.
- 34.
- YOU LITERALLY JUST FELL ASLEEP
ON YOUR FEET.
- SHAWN, I NEED TO GET
OUT OF HERE.
- OKAY.
- [sighs]
OH, MAN.
[tense music]
- 37.
*
- OH.
- SHAWN?
- YEAH.
THAT WAY.
HUH.
MAYBE WE SHOULD'VE GONE LEFT
AT THE WATER HEATERS.
[door closes]
GUS, WE'RE GONNA BE FINE.
AS LONG AS WE STICK TOGETHER.
[laughter]
- WHAT WAS THAT?
- GUS?
- YES?
- WE NEED TO RUN.
- YES.
- GUS?
GUS, PICK UP YOUR FEET, MAN!
- [screams]
SHAWN?
I CAN'T SEE YOU, SHAWN!
- LEFT, GUS! LEFT!
STAY WITH ME, GUS!
I CAN SEE THE LIGHT!
LEFT, RIGHT, LEFT!
- DO NOT LEAVE ME, SHAWN!
- LEFT! LEFT!
LEFT, RIGHT, LEFT!
- I CAN'T SEE YOU, SHAWN.
DID YOU SAY LEFT OR RIGHT?
- [deep voice] OH.
AND PUT THE LOTION
IN THE BASKET, WILL YA?
[chuckles]
- WHEW.
SHAWN, I'M COMING!
[grunting]
[laughter]
WHO'S THERE?
CAN YOU HELP ME
GET OUT OF HERE?
I'LL BUY YOU SOME BUNUELOS.
[metallic scraping]
[whimpers]
NO.
[ominous music]
*
[music box playing]
both: WEEPY, WEEPY,
YOU SO SLEEPY,
AND THE LITTLE KIDS
ARE CREEPY.
WATCH US JUMP, YOU KNOW
IT THRILL YOU, JUST FOR FUN.
[pitch drops]
WE'RE GONNA KILL YOU.
[jump rope hits ground]
- WHAT?
[both growling]
- NO.
THAT'S NOT FAIR.
[both laughing]
- NO! NO!
[all laughing]
[laughter]
- [sobbing]
STOP LAUGHING!
[grunting]
[tense music]
*
[high-pitched]
HELP ME!
PLEASE, HELP ME!
[ball banging]
both: LOOK ALIVE, PLAYA.
- [whining]
[ball banging]
- SHAWN! DAMN YOU!
[both screaming]
- DON'T! STOP, STOP.
STOP, STOP WITH THE BALL.
NO BALLS. PLEASE.
NO BALLS IN MY FACE.
- SHOULDN'T WE WAKE HIM?
HE'S CLEARLY BEING PELTED
BY BALLS.
- LET THE DREAM
RUN ITS COURSE, SHAWN.
THIS IS
HOW THE THERAPY WORKS.
IT'S NOT ALWAYS PLEASANT.
- NO, STOP, OOH.
- [chuckles]
- [laughs]
- NO MORE BALLS.
[whimpering]
[laughter]
[grunting]
- [clears throat]
- YOU LEFT ME, SHAWN.
YOU FLAT-OUT DESERTED ME.
- WHAT?
WHY WOULD I POSSIBLY DO THAT?
- YOU DID IT, SHAWN!
YOU ALWAYS DO IT!
- GUS, WE GET CAUGHT TOGETHER,
WE FACE DEATH TOGETHER,
IT HAPPENS EVERY WEEK.
- I DON'T KNOW WHERE I STAND
WITH YOU ANYMORE, SHAWN.
- WHERE IS THIS COMING FROM?
I THOUGHT YOU TOLD HIM
HIS NIGHTMARES
WERE ALL ABOUT EMMANUELLE.
- NO, I SAID
THEY WERE ALL ABOUT YOU.
- WHAT?
THIS GUY IS A FRAUD, GUS.
I'M NOT EVEN SURE
HE'S A REAL DOCTOR.
- I'LL HAVE YOU KNOW
I WAS RATED
IN THE TOP 13 OF SANTA BARBARA
DREAM THERAPISTS IN 2007.
I ONE TIME ACTUALLY ENTERED
KATE CAPSHAW'S DREAM
AND INTERACTED WITH HER.
[laughs]
CAN'T REALLY TALK ABOUT IT
BECAUSE OF
THE PENDING COURT CASE.
BUT IMPRESSIVE, NO?
- CAPSHAW.
YEAH. NAH.
YEAH, THAT'S PRETTY COOL,
ACTUALLY.
GUS, HEY.
YOU KNOW THAT
I HAVE ALWAYS HAD YOUR BACK,
AND I ALWAYS, ALWAYS WILL.
- I DON'T KNOW, SHAWN.
THINGS ARE CHANGING.
I KNOW YOU MEAN WELL, BUT
I FEEL LIKE I CAN'T TRUST YOU.
- OH, COME ON, BUDDY.
IT WAS JUST A DREAM, YOU KNOW?
THINGS AREN'T ALWAYS
WHAT THEY SEEM IN DREAMS.
- OH, YES, THEY ARE.
EVEN MORE SO.
- [pops lips]
NO.
NO, GUS, THAT'S IT.
WE KNOW BETTER.
THINGS AREN'T ALWAYS
WHAT THEY SEEM.
- YOU KNOW, SOMETIMES I'LL TUTOR
FUNCTIONALLY ILLITERATE ADULTS.
- FOR A DUDE
WHO'S NOT SPLITTING ATOMS,
I THINK I DID OKAY.
GRETCHEN EIKLEBERRY
WASN'T HAVING AN AFFAIR.
SHE WAS TEACHING COACH BAGG
HOW TO READ.
- THEN PERHAPS YOU'LL ENJOY
MY LATEST BOOK.
IN DREAMS I WALK WITH YOU.
LET'S PICK_A RANDOM PAGE.
[mu5Ical ringtone]
- EXCUSE ME A MOMENT.
HELLO.
[sighs]
I SEE.
GUS, THAT WAS BRANNIGAN.
I HAVE BAD NEWS
AND BAD NEWS.
- I'LL TAKE THE BAD NEWS.
- COACH DEREK BAGG WAS FOUND
BEATEN TO A BLOODY PULP
IN HIS OFFICE.
HE'S DEAD, GUS.
HE'S DEAD.
- OH, MY GOSH.
D. BAGG IS DEAD?
WHAT'S THE BAD NEWS?
- ZACH EIKLEBERRY HAS BEEN
ARRESTED FOR HIS MURDER.
- HE HAS A BAD HEART.
AND GOUT.
AND I.B.S.
- SHE GETS IT, GRETCHEN.
I DIDN'T HURT ANYBODY.
WE'RE GONNA HAVE A LAUGH
WHEN THIS IS ALL OVER!
HI.
I'M ALLERGIC TO EVERYTHING.
- I HOPE YOU DON'T THINK
YOU'RE GETTING PAID FOR THIS.
- LASSIE, THIS IS
NOT ABOUT MONEY.
THIS IS ABOUT HONOR.
THIS IS ABOUT PROFESSIONAL
CRIME-FIGHTING COURTESY.
- AND MONEY.
- THIS WAS OUR CASE FIRST!
- SO I'M JUST SITTING THERE,
CROCHETING ROBYN'S GIANT HAT,
AND I JUST HAPPEN TO OVERHEAR
YOUR CONVERSATION
ABOUT YOUR DOMESTIC CASE.
- THAT IS BUSH LEAGUE.
- BUSH.
_ THEN AT THE CRIME SCENE,
WHAT DO I FIND
BUT A THREATENING LETTER
TO THE COACH
FROM ZACH EIKLEBERRY?
AND I SAY TO MYSELF,
"SELF, THAT'S YOUR GUY."
- WHAT ARE THE CHANCES?
- THEN I FOLLOW HIM
TO SOME BOWLING ALLEY,
AND THERE I FIND
EVEN MORE THREATENING LETTERS.
REAL SICKO STUFF.
THE RAVINGS
OF A MANIAC WOODSMAN.
- OOH.
- SMALL WORLD, HUH?
- WELL, YOU WERE RIGHT
ABOUT ONE THING.
SOMEBODY DIED.
- BUSH!
both: BUSH!
- HEY, ZACH.
- HI, GUYS.
- MR. AND MR. SPENCER.
- I LIKE THE LADIES.
- I'M AFRAID
I ONLY HAVE BAD NEWS.
THERE'S HARD EVIDENCE THAT
IMPLICATES YOU IN THIS MURDER,
AND WE DISCOVERED
THAT YOUR WIFE HERE
ISN'T HAVING AN AFFAIR
WITH ANYONE.
IN FACT, I'M SENSING
SHE WAS TEACHING COACH BAGG
HOW TO READ.
- I JUST WROTE THOSE LETTERS
TO BLOW OFF STEAM.
I DIDN'T BEAT ANYONE TO DEATH.
LOOK AT ME.
I COULDN'T STAND A CHANCE
AGAINST MUSCLES MCHANDSOMEFACE.
- NO.
- SORRY I DOUBTED YOU, BABY.
I JUST--I CAN'T SEEM
TO GET OUT OF MY OWN WAY.
- THAT'S PROBABLY
BECAUSE YOU HAVE WEBBED FEET.
ZACH, SURE,
SOME MEN FIND A SECOND WIND
IN MIDDLE LIFE
AND GET THEMSELVES IN ANY SORT
OF PHYSICAL SHAPE.
BUT YOU DIDN'T,
AND THAT'S OKAY,
BECAUSE I LOVE YOU,
CABLE GUY.
- THAT'S BACKHANDED, NO?
- UH-UH.
- NOT ON THE LIPS.
HE WOULDN'T HURT A FLY!
HE'S NOT MAN ENOUGH!
NO!
- I LOVE YOU, BABY!
- OKAY.
- I LOVE YOU!
- I HEARD YOU!
[cell phone chimes]
- WOODY!
- CA-CAW!
- I NEED YOUR HONESTY.
IS IT TOO MUCH?
THE CHROME?
- AH.
- MM.
- I DON'T THINK SO.
NO, IT'S--
- WORKS FOR ME.
- REALLY? IT'S NOT
ALL MIDLIFE-CRISIS-Y?
- NO, NO.
- NO. IT'S SO SHINY.
- CAN'T GO WRONG
WITH THE CUSTOM.
- PICKED A WINNER.
- YEAH.
- [grunts]
WHY, I LOVE YOU BOTH SO MUCH.
NOW WHOEVER KILLED THIS GUY MADE
SURE HE WAS NEVER COMING BACK.
HE'S GOT FRACTURES
TO HIS RIBS, KNEECAPS, JAW.
CRACKED HEAD, BROKEN NOSE.
AND BASED ON THESE LACERATIONS
TO HIS WRISTS AND CHEEKS,
I'D SAY HE WAS PROBABLY BOUND
AND GAGGED
BEFORE THEY WENT AT HIM
PINATA STYLE.
- WHAT'S GOING ON
WITH HIS DIGITS?
- OH, YEAH. INDEX FINGER
AND MIDDLE FINGER ARE BROKEN.
BUT IT LOOKS
TO HAVE BEEN DONE EARLIER,
MAYBE A DAY OR TWO BEFORE.
- IT'S AN OLD LACROSSE INJURY.
- REALLY?
- SPEAKING OF BABY-SMOOTH,
I NAIRED MY BUTTOCKS
LAST NIGHT, GENTLEMEN.
- MAN, I AM TIRED.
- I'M TIRED TOO.
AS MUCH AS I TRY NOT TO TAKE
MY WORK HOME WITH ME,
WHEN I'M ALONE IN BED...
AND I TURN OUT THE LIGHT...
I SEE THEM.
THEY TALK TO ME.
THEY TELL ME
HOW THEY WISHED
THEY HAD MADE
A DIFFERENT CHOICE IN LIFE.
HOW THEY WISH THEY HAD TAKEN
A DIFFERENT PATH TO WORK
THAT FINAL DAY OR--
OR MADE ABSOLUTELY SURE
THEY LOCKED THE FRONT DOOR.
WE ALL COME INTO THIS WORLD
THE SAME WAY WE GO OUT.
ALONE.
BUT SOMEHOW...
THEY SEEM MORE LONELY
THAN THAT.
- THAT'S INTENSE.
- THAT'S TOO LONELY.
- I MEAN, TAKE THIS FELLOW.
I'LL BET HE WAS A GREAT GUY.
- [roars]
- WELL, THIS IS NEW.
- [screaming]
[all growling]
- [screams]
- GO! GO!
- [snarls]
- FOLLOW ME!
- [whimpering]
- BRAINS!
IF ONLY I HAD BRAINS!
- [gaspS]
[tense music]
*
PAPA?
[woman humming]
*
MOM?
- BURTON.
I'M SORRY.
DID I WAKE YOU?
I KNOW YOU'VE BEEN HAVING
TROUBLE SLEEPING, DEAR.
- WHERE'S SHAWN?
- HE WENT TO DRIVE
HIS DAD HOME.
- [panting]
THESE GRAW BOATS AREN'T GONNA
PUT THEMSELVES AWAY, YOU KNOW.
BURTON, OH, GOD.
MY HANDS ARE WET.
I'LL RUIN YOUR NICE SHIRT.
- I DON'T CARE.
OH, IT IS SO GOOD
TO BE HOME, MOM.
IT FEELS SAFE.
FINALLY.
- THAT'S A NICE THING TO SAY.
SO ARE YOU GOING TO TELL ME
ABOUT EMMANUELLE?
I THOUGHT SHE WAS SPENDING
THANKSGIVING WITH US.
- OH, SHE BAILED ON ME, MOM.
SHE'S NOT RETURNING MY CALLS
OR ANYTHING.
- SHE DOESN'T DESERVE YOU.
WHO IS SHE, ANYWAY?
WHAT HAS SHE DONE WITH HER LIFE?
- [scoffs]
- YOU ARE BURTON GUSTER.
IS SHE THE REASON YOU'RE HAVING
THESE BAD DREAMS?
- NO, IT'S--
EVERYTHING IS CHANGING.
JULIET'S MOVED UP NORTH.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT SHAWN'S INTENTIONS ARE.
I DON'T HAVE A JOB, MA.
ME. I MEAN...
[laughs]
[cries]
- OH, SWEETIE.
- NO, NO, IT'S OKAY.
IT'S OKAY.
I DON'T KNOW
WHERE I STAND ANYMORE.
- WELL, DARLING,
THE MORE THINGS CHANGE,
THE MORE THEY STAY THE SAME.
LIFE IS ABOUT BEING ADAPTABLE
BUT REMAINING TRUE TO YOURSELF.
I MEAN, WE CAN'T GOVERN
OTHER PEOPLE'S ACTIONS,
BUT WE CAN CERTAINLY GOVERN
OUR OWN.
I MEAN, ALMOND JOY'S GOT NUTS.
MOUNDS DO NOT.
GIRLS JUST WANT TO HAVE FUN,
AND I LOVE ME A GOOD SCOTCH EGG.
- WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT,
MOM?
- HONESTLY, I DON'T KNOW.
[metallic scraping]
WOW.
LOOKEE HERE.
AND WHAT CAN WE DO
FOR YOU?
- [screeches]
- [chuckles]
DON'T BE A STRANGER.
[chuckles]
WHERE WERE WE?
- [roars]
- [screams]
MOMMY!
[screaming]
[gunshots]
[hammer banging]
- [growling]
[gunshots]
- GUSTER, DON'T STAND THERE
WITH YOUR THUMB UP YOUR ASS.
LOCK THAT DOOR
AND BRING ME THAT EXTRA BOARD!
- OH, GOD.
- COME ON.
- GUSTER!
[grunts]
GET OVER HERE!
HERE, GIVE ME A HAND
WITH THIS.
[both grunting]
- HENNY PENNIES,
GET OUT OF HERE!
SLIMY LITTLE LIFELESS--
- ALL RIGHT, TEAM.
THAT OUGHT TO HOLD
THOSE UNDEAD SONS OF BITCHES.
SEE?
THIS IS WHY WE
SHOULD NOT LEGALIZE MARIJUANA.
[screaming]
- CARLTON!
- [screaming]
[all growling]
- CARLTON!
LASSIE, COME HOME!
[all growling]
[screams]
MEANIES! LIFE...
[gunshot]
- [whimpering]
OH, NO!
- OH, THIS IS GONNA BE
HARD ON MY NEPHEW!
- OH, GOD!
- [screaming]
- [whimpering]
NO, NO!
[zombies growling]
OH, MY GOD.
- BURTON, BURTON!
- OH, GOD.
- GO, GO, GO, GO!
IN, IN, IN!
WHOA!
[both panting]
GUSTER, WHERE'S SHAWN?
- MY MOTHER SAID
HE DROVE YOU HOME.
- YOUR MOTHER? WHAT THE HELL
ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
- I DON'T KNOW, I'M SENSITIVE,
AND IT'S DARK!
- SHH. I GOT A MATCH.
[distant growling continues]
[screams]
- [screaming]
- GUSTER!
GUSTER!
THAT'S MY FACE!
[screams]
- GET BACK!
WHAT?
- [laughing]
- IT'S THE FIRST THING I SAW!
[all laughing]
THERE'S NOTHING FUNNY
ABOUT A THREE-HOLE PUNCH!
STOP IT!
STOP LAUGHING!
[laughter continues]
[screaming]
[panﬁng]
OH,GOSH!
SHAWN, YOU'RE NOT
GONNA BELIEVE THIS!
EVERYONE IS DEAD! EVERYONE!
[toilet flushes]
IT'S JUST ME AND YOU!
IT'S JUST--
- [growls]
- NO.
NO.
- I DO MAKE
A DEAD SEXY ZOMBIE.
- NO, YOU DON'T, SHAWN.
YOU DON'T MAKE A SEXY ZOMBIE!
YOU DON'T!
- OH!
I SENSE YOUR BRAINS
ARE YUMMY, GUS.
- OH, PLEASE, NO!
- I WANT
YOUR POMONA COLLEGE BRAINS.
- NO! NO!
NO! NOT MAGIC HEAD!
NOT MAGIC HEAD!
[screams]
- [roars]
- [whimpering]
NO, NOT MY MAGIC HEAD.
NO, NOT MY MAGIC HEAD!
OH, NO!
NO! NOT MAGIC HEAD!
[gaspS]
- YOU ALL RIGHT?
- I JUST HAD A NIGHTMARE VERSION
OF OUR ENTIRE WEEK.
AND YOU WERE A ZOMBIE.
- ALL RIGHT, YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOUR DREAMS
HAVE ACTUALLY GOTTEN WORSE
SINCE YOU STARTED SEEING
THIS DOCTOR.
YOU DO REALIZE THAT.
- CURT. CURT SMITH.
HOW IS HE?
- I ASSUME HE'S FINE.
I HEARD HE AND ROLAND
ARE WORKING ON A NEW ALBUM.
- HOW DO I KNOW
I'M NOT SLEEPING NOW?
[groans]
OH, THANK GOD.
- NOW WHAT DID I SAY?
I SAID WHEN I CAME BACK
TO THE CAR,
I WOULD HAVE SNACKS,
AND I'D HAVE THIS CASE SOLVED.
AND GUESS WHAT.
BOOM! SHOO-YAH!
I KNOW WHO KILLED COACH BAGG.
ARE YOU READY FOR THIS?
- I DON'T KNOW. SLAP ME
ON THE TEAT ONE MORE TIME.
[groans]
- HOW ABOUT NOW?
- CLOSER.
[groans]
- YOU READY?
- [groans]
IT WAS
A REAL SCARY DREAM, SHAWN.
- OKAY, LET'S DO THIS.
- OKAY.
[groans repeatedly]
I'M READY, SHAWN.
[yawning]
JUST CALM DOWN, SHAWN.
- GUS, WE GOTTA BEAT BRANNIGAN
TO THE PUNCH.
THIS WAS OUR CASE.
NOW CHECK IT.
COACH BAGG WAS SUPPLEMENTING
HIS INCOME BY GAMBLING.
- 57 MINUTES TO SIN CITY,
GATE TO GATE.
- AND HIS FINGERS
WERE JUST FINE
WHEN HE WAS DOING THOSE
SEXY CHIN-UPS ON THE FIELD.
- GRETCH, CHECK THE LATS!
I CAN DO, LIKE, 16 OF THESE!
- BUT, BOY, WERE THEY BARKING
AT HIM IN OUR MEETING.
- IT'S AN OLD LACROSSE INJURY.
- THAT WAS
NO LACROSSE INJURY, GUS.
THAT'S WHAT HAPPENS
WHEN YOU DON'T PAY YOUR DEBTS.
- [grunts]
- I'LL GIVE YOU ONE GUESS.
TOO LATE.
- GYM TEACHERS.
- IT WAS
THAT BIG MEATHEAD PARENT.
HE WAS NOBODY'S FATHER, GUS.
WELL, HE MAY BE
SOMEBODY'S FATHER.
I DON'T KNOW HIM FROM ADAM,
BUT I DO KNOW THIS.
HE WAS SOME BOOKIE'S MUSCLE,
AND HE BROKE
COACH BAGG'S FINGERS.
THEN, A COUPLE DAYS LATER,
COACH COULDN'T COME UP
WITH THE DOUGH.
BOOM!
HE CAME BACK
AND FINISHED THE JOB.
WHOO!
THAT'S HOW I DO IT!
- [snoring]
- IT'S ALL RIGHT.
WE'S ABOUT TO GET PAID.
[engine revs]
RELEASE THE PRISONER
AND RELEASE THE FUNDS!
I'VE SOLVED THE CASE.
- SHH.
* WAIT FOR IT
[rock music]
- NO WAY.
- MAN.
- NO DAMN WAY!
HOW?
- I'VE LEARNED NOT TO ASK.
- YOU'RE FREE TO GO.
- OH, THANK YOU.
- YOU'RE A FREE MAN.
- I GOTTA THANK YOU GUYS.
I MEAN, EVEN THOUGH IT WAS
THE SCARY DETECTIVE LADY
WHO ACTUALLY GOT ME RELEASED.
YOU GUYS TRIED,
WHICH IS SOMETHING.
- WE'RE HAPPY
YOU FOUND EACH OTHER AGAIN.
- GRETCHEN HELD VIGIL FOR ME
ALL NIGHT.
I FELT LIKE
I WAS ON DEATH ROW.
- IT'S TIME WE REESTABLISH
WHAT MADE US A GREAT COUPLE
TO BEGIN WITH.
WHATEVER THAT WAS.
- SHE SAID SOMETHING
ABOUT A COMPLETE MAKEOVER
INVOLVING EXTENSIVE WAXING.
- HOPEFULLY, BY THE TIME
I'M FINISHED WITH YOU,
I WON'T EVEN RECOGNIZE YOU.
EXCEPT FOR
YOUR KIND, KIND HEART.
- KIND HEART.
- OH, GOD, SOMEONE
GIVE ME A GRAPPLING HOOK.
- GRETCHEN.
- WHAT? YES.
LET'S GO HOME.
- YOU KNOW, SHAWN,
I THINK THERE'S A LESSON
IN ALL THIS FOR ME.
A ROAD MAP
BACK TO EMMANUELLE.
- GUS, I'M ABSOLUTELY CERTAIN
THAT THAT IS, IN FACT,
NOT THE LESSON.
- MM.
- EMMANUELLE'S GONE.
- MM-HMM.
- IN THE MEANTIME, YOU HAVE ME.
AND YOUR COINS
AND YOUR STAMPS.
- THANKS, EM MANUELLE.
- YOU REALLY
DO NEED SLEEP, BUDDY.
- OKAY, YOU KNOW WHAT?
THIS IS EMBARRASSING.
I'M A CELEBRITY, ALL RIGHT?
MY TWITTER ACCOUNT IS VERIFIED.
AND I WAS PROMISED MASSIVE
RADIO AND SOCIAL MEDIA SUPPORT.
UNG, LOOK AT ME
WHEN I'M BERATING YOU.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
JUST FORGET IT.
JUST--JUST GET OUT OF HERE.
I DON'T CARE
WHERE YOU GO, JUST GO.
NOT THAT WAY,
GO THAT WAY!
[groans]
Uaugh'
In
HEY!g]
GREAT TO SEE YOU, BROTHER.
YEAH.
BOY, YOU GUYS CAME
AT A GOOD TIME,
'CAUSE IT'S BEEN
AN ABSOLUTE MADHOUSE HERE.
I MEAN, THESE COLLEGE CROWDS
ARE JUST GREAT.
- I CAN IMAGINE.
WELL, I'M LOOKING FORWARD
TO FINALLY READING
YOUR BOOK, DOCTOR.
THAT'S WHAT THEY SAY.
[chuckles]
TELL ME SOMETHING.
HOW HAVE YOU BEEN SLEEPING?
- LIKE A BABY,
THANKS TO YOU.
- WELL, I'M JUST
A DREAM CATCHER IN HUMAN FORM
WITH A CHIN THAT'S COVETED
AROUND THE WORLD.
I'M JUST GLAD
THAT YOU WERE ABLE
TO IDENTIFY THE SOURCE
OF YOUR NIGHTMARES.
- I NEED TO TAKE A LEAK.
- WELL, IT'S GREAT
TO SEE YOU, DOCTOR.
- YEAH, IT'S BEEN GOOD FOR YOU
TO SEE ME TOO.
LET'S DO IT AGAIN.
[snaps fingers]
- WHAT?
- COME GET SOME.
- [roars]
- [gaspS]
[sobbing]
OH, GOD!
[line ringing]
SHAWN!
- I'LL BE RIGHT OVER, BUDDY.
- THANKS.
MILK SHAKES.
[both slurp]
MMM.
- IT'S OKAY, BUDDY.
I'LL ALWAYS BE HERE FOR YOU.
- VAL'S STILL THE KING.
- HAIL TO THE KING, BABY.
[both chuckle]
[both laughing]
[both growl]